fixed docs (#628)
OWASP/Nest: CONTRIBUTING.md

      ```

1. **Set up Slack application**:

>     - Configure your Slack application using [NestBot manifest file](https://github.com/OWASP/Nest/blob/main/backend/apps/slack/MANIFEST.yaml) (copy its contents and save it into`Features -- App Manifest`). You'll need to replace slash commands endpoint with your ngrok static domain path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Configure your Slack application using [NestBot manifest file](https://github.com/OWASP/Nest/blob/main/backend/apps/slack/MANIFEST.yaml) (copy its contents and save it into `Features -- App Manifest`). You'll need to replace slash commands endpoint with your ngrok static domain path.
```

>     - Reinstall your Slack application after making the changes in `Features -- App Manifest` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Reinstall your Slack application after making the changes using `Settings -- Install App` section.
```

>     - add "your-static-domain-path" to `server.allowedHosts` in vite.config.js

Reviewer: Why we need this?

Author: > Why we need this?

<img width="980" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-28 at 12 52 26 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bae802b8-dc2e-47d1-91c1-8ab18f9bf203" />
